Meeting 24.05.2024
---

- Attendance
	- Guerkan, Wissem, Rini, Tony

---

Progress
-

- 
- started making the project accessible for future projects/next students
- still running into issues
	- for restoring
	- NOT for checkpointing


---

Questions
-
	
- if we cant manage this
	- alternatives?

---

Notes
-

- 

- 

- 

---

Goals
-

- get CRIU/K8s done
- c/r other apps
- measurements?
- (comparison old method)
- Overleaf
	- intro
	- related work
	- background
	- (methods)
		- if we manage the actual migrations


---	